Updates after Salah's review (#878)
o1-labs/docs2: docs/about-mina/index.mdx

## Why Mina?

The Mina Protocol is a native ZK blockchain, but what does this mean? The Mina Protocol is a layer 1 blockchain built to use zero knowledge proofs. The Mina Protocol uses zk-SNARKS.

Some advantages of this approach are:

- A succinct blockchain, facilitating decentralisation. The lightweight design allows a node to sync faster and reduces both storage and bandwidth requirements for [node operators](../node-operators).

> - Zero knowledge proofs are used to secure the blockchain. Using recursive zk-Snarks, the blockchain remains a constant size — about 22KB.
> - Client side code execution, zkApps run code on the client, helping to scale blockchian technology. Client side code execution generates zk-SNARKS (proofs) to prove correct execution. Transactions send these proofs to the blockchain and are verified on-chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Zero knowledge proofs are used to secure the blockchain. Using recursive zk-SNARKs, the blockchain remains a constant size — about 22 KB.
Client-side code execution: zkApps run code on the client, helping to scale blockchain technology. Client-side code execution generates zk-SNARKS (proofs) to prove correct execution. Transactions send these proofs to the blockchain and are verified on-chain.
```

## What are zkApps?

> Mina's zero-knowledge smart contracts, known as zkApps, offer distinct features, including off-chain proving, extensive off-chain execution capabilities, on-chain verification, privacy for confidential data (private inputs, the default, are not sent to the blockchain), the option to code smart contracts in TypeScript, and additional functionalities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mina's zero knowledge smart contracts, known as zkApps, offer distinct features, including off-chain proving, extensive off-chain execution capabilities, on-chain verification, privacy for confidential data (private inputs, by default, are not sent to the blockchain), the option to code smart contracts in TypeScript, and additional functionalities.
```
